5
big-rock paper scissors lizard Spock
big-rock:big-rock ties
big-rock:paper paper covers
big-rock:scissors big-rock crushes
big-rock:lizard big-rock crushes
big-rock:Spock Spock vaporizes
paper:big-rock paper covers
paper:paper ties
paper:scissors scissors cuts-up
paper:lizard lizard eats
paper:Spock paper disproves
scissors:big-rock big-rock crushes
scissors:paper scissors cuts-up
scissors:scissors ties
scissors:lizard scissors decapitates
scissors:Spock Spock smashes
lizard:big-rock big-rock crushes
lizard:paper lizard eats
lizard:scissors scissors decapitates
lizard:lizard ties
lizard:Spock lizard poisons
Spock:big-rock Spock vaporizes
Spock:paper paper disproves
Spock:scissors Spock smashes
Spock:lizard lizard poisons
Spock:Spock ties